Feat: Add delete message customisation inside Channel (#898)
GetStream/stream-chat-react-native: docusaurus/docs/reactnative/common-content/core-components/channel/props/deleted_messages_visibility_type.mdx

Controls the visibility of the deleted messages within the channel.

- `always`: The deleted messages in the channel will be visible to both the sender and receiver.

> - `never`: The deleted messages in the channel will be visibile to none of the sender and receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `never`: The deleted messages will not be visible to anyone.
```

Controls the visibility of the deleted messages within the channel.

> 

Reviewer: Include the one line description for each of the options here. Similar to this prop in RN docs - https://reactnative.dev/docs/0.65/textinput#importantforautofill-android

> This controls the visibility of the deleted messages within the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls the visibility of the deleted messages within the channel.
```

| Type | Default |
| - | - |

> | enum('both', 'none', 'receiver', 'sender') | 'both' |

Reviewer: I think we should change 
- `both` to `always`
- `none` to `never`

> | `both` or `none` or `receiver` or `sender` | `both` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enum('both'|'none'|'receiver'|'sender') \| 'both' |
```
